# Object-Detection using YOLOv3

YOLO is a state-of-the-art, real-time object detection algorithm. In this notebook, we will apply the YOLO algorithm to detect objects in images.
Darknet prints out the objects it detected, its confidence, and how long it took to find them. Since we are using Darknet on the CPU it takes around 6-12 seconds per image. If we use the GPU version it would be much faster.

# How does YOLOv3 work? 
YOLO is a **convolutional neural network (CNN)** for real-time object recognition. CNN is a classifier-based system that can process input images as a structured array of data and identify patterns between them (see image below). YOLO has the advantage of being much faster than other networks while maintaining accuracy. 
This allows the model to see the entire image during testing, so the prediction is communicated by the global context within the image. YOLO and other convolutional neural network algorithms "score" regions based on their similarity to predefined classes. The high score areas of are shown as positive detections for the classes they most closely identify. For example, you can use YOLO in a live traffic feed  to detect different types of vehicles based on which areas of the video work better compared to predefined vehicle classes.

# The YOLO Architecture at a Glance
The YOLOV3 algorithm first separates the picture into a grid. Each network cell predicts a certain number of bounding boxes (also called an anchor box) for objects that score heights with the  predefined class described above. 
Each bounding box has a corresponding confidence value. This assumes only forecasts and recognizes only one object for each bounding box. The border box is generated by  the dimension of the bodybox from the original dataset, and you can find the most common shape and size. 
Other equivalent algorithms that can execute the same lens are RCNN (enhanced well-established neuron networks established in 2015) and  RCNN (RCNN improvement  in 2017) and mask RCNN. However, unlike systems like RCNN and Fast RCNN, YOLO is trained to perform classification and bounding box regression at the same time.

